a little bit pissed off right now a
couple days ago I posted a video about
me experimenting with eggs a very short
experiments done in the way that I
thought was worth it but the video got
picked up by a lot of other vegan
youtubers who basically send a lot of
hate ten tens vegan gains now I'm not
here to talk bad about anyone I want to
talk about what is the meaning of
veganism and also how to handle hate so
if you take a look at the official
definition of veganism from the vegan
society
it says veganism is a way of living
which seeks to exclude as far as as
possible and practicable all forms of
exploitation and cruelty to animals for
food clothing or any other purpose
instead of animals but animals and any
human beings because what I'm seeing in
the vegan movement and a very small part
of the vegan movement a very very small
part but very latter part what I'm
seeing is the exact opposite veganism
for me personally is about compassion
and empathy that is why I have it
tattooed on my hand my wrist it's about
health it's not about by building
building muscle this is not about
anything other than an ethical choice
because my empathy and compassion for
animals can someone tell me why we're
forgetting that human beings are also
animals it is extremely hypocritical
just say that you love animals and they
you do have anything for them and then
do the exact opposite towards your
fellow human beings
you are not perfect you're the furthest
from perfect that is even possible
there is no perfection and being a human
being and seeking it and trying to
achieve it is stupid that doesn't mean
that we shouldn't try to be better and
try to be more empathetic compassionate
and positive and happy but it means we
should stop criticizing and hating on
other people for not meeting your own
expectations it's not about you it's not
about here why are we judging people
hating people trying to bring people
down and doing everything you can to
make those people feel bad why do you
have no context for who they are as a
human being